could;Jordan;
may;Jordan;
maybe;Jordan;
might;Jordan;
might feel a bit;Jordan;
perhaps;Jordan;
seems;Jordan;
seems like;Jordan;
sort of;Jordan;
a real;Lakoff;
a regular;Lakoff;
a self-styled;Lakoff;
a true;Lakoff;
a veritable;Lakoff;
actually;Lakoff;
all but a;Lakoff;
all but technically;Lakoff;
almost;Lakoff;
anything but a;Lakoff;
as it were;Lakoff;
basically;Lakoff;
can be tooked upon as;Lakoff;
can be viewed as;Lakoff;
crypto;Lakoff;
crypto-;Lakoff;
details aside;Lakoff;
especially;Lakoff;
essentially;Lakoff;
exceptionally;Lakoff;
for the most part;Lakoff;
he as much as;Lakoff;
he calls himself a;Lakoff;
he calls himself an;Lakoff;
in a manner of speaking;Lakoff;
in a real sense;Lakoff;
in a sense;Lakoff;
in a way;Lakoff;
in an important sense;Lakoff;
in essence;Lakoff;
in name only;Lakoff;
in one sense;Lakoff;
kind of;Lakoff;
largely;Lakoff;
literally;Lakoff;
loosely speaking;Lakoff;
more or less;Lakoff;
mostly;Lakoff;
mutatis mutandis;Lakoff;
nominally;Lakoff;
often;Lakoff;
par excellence;Lakoff;
particularly;Lakoff;
practically;Lakoff;
pretty;Lakoff;
pretty much;Lakoff;
principally;Lakoff;
pseudo;Lakoff;
pseudo-;Lakoff;
quintessential;Lakoff;
quintessentially;Lakoff;
rather;Lakoff;
really;Lakoff;
relatively;Lakoff;
roughly;Lakoff;
she as much as;Lakoff;
she calls herself a;Lakoff;
she calls herself an;Lakoff;
so to say;Lakoff;
somewhat;Lakoff;
strictly speaking;Lakoff;
technically;Lakoff;
they as much as;Lakoff;
they call themselves a;Lakoff;
they call themselves an;Lakoff;
typical;Lakoff;
typically;Lakoff;
very;Lakoff;
virtually;Lakoff;
about;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
allegation;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
allegations;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
allege;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alleged;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alleges;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alleging;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
allude;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alluded;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alludes;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alluding;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
alternative;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
alternatives;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
anticipate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
anticipated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
anticipates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
anticipating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
appear;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
appearance;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
appearances;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
appeared;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
appearing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
appears;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
appreciable;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
approach;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
approaches;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
approximate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
approximated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
approximately;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
approximates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
approximating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
approximation;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
approximations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
argue;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
argued;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
argues;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
arguing;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
argument;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
arguments;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
around;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
assert;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
asserted;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
asserting;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
assertion;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
assertions;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
asserts;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
assess;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assessed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assesses;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assessing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assessment;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
assessments;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
assume;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assumed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assumes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assuming;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
assumption;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
assumptions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
avenue;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
avenues;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
belief;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
beliefs;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
believe;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
believed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
believes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
believing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
can;Varttala;Modal Auxiliares
candidate;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
candidates;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
central;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
chance;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
chances;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
charge;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
charged;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
charges;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
charging;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
claim;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
claimed;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
claiming;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
claims;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
close;Varttala;Adjectives - Approximative Adjectives
closely;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
clue;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
clues;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
conceive;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conceived;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conceives;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conceiving;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
concept;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
concepts;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
conceptualization;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
conceptualizations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
conceptualize;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conceptualized;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conceptualizes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conceptualizing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conclude;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
concluded;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
concludes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
concluding;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
conclusion;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
conclusions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
consider;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
considerable;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
considerably;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
considered;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
considering;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
considers;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
construct;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
constructs;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
contend;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
contended;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
contending;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
contends;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
contention;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
contentions;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
deduction;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
deductions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
deem;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
deemed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
deeming;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
deems;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
devastating;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
doubt;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
doubted;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
doubting;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
doubts;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
dramatically;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
drastically;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
envision;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
envisioned;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
envisioning;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
envisions;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
estimate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
estimated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
estimates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
estimating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
estimation;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
estimations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
evaluate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
evaluated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
evaluates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
evaluating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
evaluation;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
evaluations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
expect;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
expectancies;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
expectancy;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
expectation;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
expectations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
expected;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
expecting;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
expects;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
extrapolate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
extrapolated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
extrapolates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
extrapolating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
fair;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
fairly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
fantasies;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
fantasy;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
fear;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
feared;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
fearing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
fears;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
feel;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
feeling;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
feels;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
felt;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
find;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
finding;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
finds;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
forecast;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
forecasting;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
forecasts;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
foresaw;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
foresee;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
foreseeing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
foreseen;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
foresees;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
foreshadow;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
foreshadowed;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
foreshadowing;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
foreshadows;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
found;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
greatly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
gross;Varttala;Adjectives - Approximative Adjectives
guess;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
guesses;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
held;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
highly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
hint;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
hinted;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
hinting;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
hints;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
hold;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
holding;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
holds;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hope;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hoped;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hopes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hoping;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hunch;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
hunches;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
hypotheses;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
hypothesis;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
hypothesize;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hypothesized;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hypothesizes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
hypothesizing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
idea;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
ideas;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
illusion;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
illusions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
imagine;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
imagined;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
imagines;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
imagining;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
immense;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
implicate;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
implicated;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
implicates;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
implicating;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
implication;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
implications;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
implied;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
implies;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
imply;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
implying;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
impression;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
impressions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
impressive;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
inclination;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
inclinations;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
indication;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
indications;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
infer;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
infered;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
inference;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
inferences;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
infering;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
inferred;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
inferring;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
interpret;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
interpretation;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
interpretations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
interpreted;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
interpreting;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
interprets;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
judge;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
judged;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
judges;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
judging;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
judgment;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
judgments;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
just;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
large;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
likelihood;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
likelihoods;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
little;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
look;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
looked;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
looking;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
looks;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
main;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
mainly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
maintain;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
maintained;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
maintaining;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
maintains;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
major;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
marked;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
markedly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
massively;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
moderate;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
moderately;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
modest;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
modestly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
must;Varttala;Modal Auxiliares
nearly;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
negligible;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
notable;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
noticeable;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
notion;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
notions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
odds;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
opinion;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
opinions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
opportunities;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
opportunity;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
option;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
options;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
partially;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
partly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
perceive;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
perceived;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
perceives;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
perceiving;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
perception;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
perceptions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
perspective;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
perspectives;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
philosophies;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
philosophy;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
point of view;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
point to;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
point toward;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
pointed to;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
pointed toward;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
pointing to;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
pointing toward;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
points of view;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
points to;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
points toward;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
portend;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
portended;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
portending;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
portends;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
posit;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
posited;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
positing;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
posits;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
possibilities;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
possibility;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
postulate;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
postulated;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
postulates;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
postulating;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
potential;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
potentials;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
predict;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
predicted;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
predicting;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
prediction;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
predictions;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
predicts;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
predominantly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
predominately;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
premise;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
premises;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
presume;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
presumed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
presumes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
presuming;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
presumption;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
presumptions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
primarily;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
primary;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
principal;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
probabilities;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
probability;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
project;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
projected;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
projecting;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
projection;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
projections;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
projects;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
promise;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
promises;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
proposal;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
proposals;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
propose;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
proposed;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
proposes;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
proposing;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
proposition;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
propositions;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
prospect;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
prospects;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
proximate;Varttala;Adjectives - Approximative Adjectives
quite;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
reason;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reasonable;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
reasonably;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
reasoned;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reasoning;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reasons;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reassess;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reassessed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reassesses;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reassessing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reestimate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reestimated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reestimates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
reestimating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
regard;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
regarded;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
regarding;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
regards;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
relative;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
remarkable;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
rough;Varttala;Adjectives - Approximative Adjectives
saw;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
scenario;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
scenarios;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
scheme;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
schemes;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
see;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
seeing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
seem;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
seemed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
seeming;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
seen;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
sees;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
shortly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
should;Varttala;Modal Auxiliares
sign;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
significant;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
significantly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
signs;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
slight;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
slightly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
small;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
some;Varttala;Adverbs - Approximative Adverbs
sound;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
sounded;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
sounding;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
sounds;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
speculate;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
speculated;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
speculates;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
speculating;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
speculation;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
speculations;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
strongly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
substantial;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
substantially;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
suggest;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
suggested;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
suggesting;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
suggestion;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
suggestions;Varttala;Nouns - Nonfactive assertive nouns
suggests;Varttala;Full verbs - Nonfactive reporting verbs
suppose;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
supposed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
supposes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
supposing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
supposition;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
suppositions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
surmise;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
surmised;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
surmises;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
surmising;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
suspect;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
suspected;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
suspecting;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
suspects;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
suspicion;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
suspicions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
tend;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
tended;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
tendencies;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
tendency;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
tending;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
tends;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative linking verbs
tenet;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
tenets;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
theories;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
theorize;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
theorized;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
theorizes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
theorizing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
theory;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
theses;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
thesis;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
think;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
thinking;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
thinkings;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
thinks;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
thought;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
thoughts;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
threat;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
threats;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
tiny;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
tremendous;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Degree
trend;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
trends;Varttala;Nouns - Nouns of tentative likelihood
vastly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
view;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
viewed;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
viewing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
viewpoint;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
viewpoints;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
views;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
virtual;Varttala;Adjectives - Approximative Adjectives
vision;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
visions;Varttala;Nouns - Tentative cognition nouns
widely;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Degree
will;Varttala;Modal Auxiliares
wish;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wished;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wishes;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wishing;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wonder;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wondered;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wondering;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
wonders;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
worried;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
worries;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
worry;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
worrying;Varttala;Full verbs - Tentative cognition verbs
would;Varttala;Modal Auxiliares