likely;Jordan;
sometimes;Jordan;
probably;Jordan;
frequently;Jordan;
could have;Jordan;
often;Jordan;
apparently;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
arguably;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
conceivably;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
ostensibly;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
perhaps;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
possibly;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
potentially;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
presumably;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
seemingly;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
supposedly;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
tentatively;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
theoretically;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
unlikely;Varttala;Adverbs - Probability Adverbs
commonly;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
generally;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
normally;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
occasionally;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
oftentimes;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
rarely;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
routinely;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
seldom;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
typically;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
usually;Varttala;Adverbs - Adverbs of Indefinite Frequency
apparent;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
apt to;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
conceivable;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
doubtful;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
hypothetical;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
implausible;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
improbable;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
indicative;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
plausible;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
possible;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
potential;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
predictive;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
probabilistic;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
probable;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
prone to;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
putative;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
speculative;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
suggestive;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
theoretical;Varttala;Adjectives - Probability Adjectives
characteristic;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
common;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
commonplace;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
frequent;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
general;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
normal;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
occasional;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
pervasive;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
popular;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
prevalent;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
rare;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
regular;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
scarce;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
typical;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
uncommon;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
not uncommon;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency
usual;Varttala;Adjectives - Adjectives of Indefinite Frequency